# epics-msc-mods
open source of almost all of my mods I have ever released on nexusmods.com

I am leaving MSC completely, simply put. The community, modding, and even the mods page (not leaving Nexus Mods entirely, just the My Summer Car page.)
Why?
No specific reason other than the community. I've had enough of people complaining about mods that are shared on Nexus Mods free of charge. I understand not wanting to see certain content on Nexus at all, but going into the comments just to rant about what you don't like about it, then shit on the author in your stupid discord server? To the dude who wanted to edit the mod with dnspy and blamed my mod for everything just because he wanted to make "the fastest satsuma ever"; here you go. Nothing is obfuscated. Everything is delivered as is without support directly from my hard drive. Do whatever you want, I couldn't care less. All rights are no longer reserved. There is no license, I have taken away the restrictions stated on my modpages, and everything here is made by me unless it is stated on Nexus Mods in the permissions tab where I credit authors of the CC0 assets I used. This also applies to any assets I may have shared with anyone during development as teasers or something; share them everywhere for all I care.

I give great thanks to everyone who supported me through the past 3 or 4 years that I have been active in the modding community. All these "twitter users" (as I like to call them) seem to like to call the msc modding server a toxic place, that shits on new modders. Just go join and see for yourself, none of that is true. They use that bait to get the attention of normal people to help them shit on us, when we deliver them and everyone else free content and programming support... Me and others gladly help people trying to develop their mod. There's literally multiple modders with scripter role that can barely write slightly advanced code themselves, and we still help them, because they put in effort to their mods. Low effort garbage that removes stuff from the game isn't really a mod, it's one line of code did you know, and it doesn't warrant you a role in a discord server. Like seriously, why care that much about a role in a discord server??? Touch grass.

If you are still reading I hope you have a great day and rest of your life. See you all maybe in another modding community or something. I won't be around for the My Winter Car modding scene, if that happens.

If you are no longer able to contact me, it's either because we are no longer in a mutual server or I have removed/blocked you. For most; I simply no longer want to talk to you. If you think this is not the case, add me; epicduck410. If I dont accept or discord bounces the request please dont try further to contact me. I am trying to move on from here.
